content/blog/hello-world.md, before:

---
title: "hello world"
date: 2025-01-15
draft: false
---


so I finally got around to setting up this site. been thinking about personal websites and the [indie web](https://indieweb.org/) lately.

## why a personal website?

social media platforms come and go, and some stay way longer than you wanted and all your friends and family is on there, so you cannot just drop it, but you really want to. your content gets buried in algorithms, ads, and noise. but a personal site is yours. you control how it looks, what you write or post.

<!--more-->

I haven't posted anything on social media in 7 years, but I'm excited to maybe post something here.

doesn't have to be perfect or polished. this site is pretty basic and that's fine. it's a place to put stuff and write about code or tools I find useful.

the indie web gets this. instead of dumping everything into platforms owned by others, you can have your own space.

might write about golang patterns, useful cli tools, or whatever I'm working on. no grand plans, just writing things down as they come up.

## setup

currently Im just hosting this github with hugo, and using some actions to publish. Using a custom theme, a lot vibed since I don't enjoy frontend that much, even though I have some strong opionions about the look and feel, but don't like fiddling around with it too much.

Commit message:

feat: update post and seasonal css

content/blog/hello-world.md, after:

---
title: "hello world"
date: 2025-01-15
draft: false
---

Finally got around to setup a personal site. Don't yet know what to do with it. But I like the idea of people having personal websites instead of social media for contact.

<!--more-->

## why a personal website?

I haven't posted anything on social media in 7 years, but I'm excited to maybe post something here.

Doesn't have to be perfect or polished. This site is pretty basic and that's fine. it's a place to put stuff and write about code or tools I find useful.

I found that its quite fun to be able to display my own content in any way I would like.


## what I might share

Bookmarks, posts, images, projects, or even recipes. Its also a fun place to inject any cool css or js that I might find and want to test out that wouldn't be something I would use in anything professional, but find cool.

I have this idea of a "public feed", subscribing to rss feeds that I would like to follow, but keeping it open. Allowing others to see what my feed is and what I read and follow. How will I set this up? I don't know yet. Im thinking of something like a daily pull to get the content and generating the feed and just deploying everytime I want it updated. Make links great again sort of.

## setup

Currently Im just hosting this on Github with Hugo, and using some actions to publish. Using a custom theme, a lot vibed since I don't enjoy frontend that much, even though I have some strong opionions about the look and feel, but don't like fiddling around with it too much.
